Since you did good on your first mission, you have gotten praise from your boss and a raise in your salary. He can now rely on you to help bring the brothers together. After the first mission, the brothers are slowly talking to each other. But only very little. Your boss sees this and tells you to go to his office at this company. You arrive there and the boss tells you the second mission. The second mission is to have the 3 brothers cook a meal for their grandfather (Or the boss in your perspective. Your boss is the 3 brother's grandfather.) You accept and immediately went to starting your mission. Your boss has told you that the brothers went to culinary school and has done really well. You go tell each of the brothers and they all looked puzzled. They didn't want to cook with each other. Well not yet since they stil aren't that close to each other. You beg them consecutively until they agreed. They all agreed and at night, the grandfather came to have his dinner. The 3 brothers cooked an amazing meal together and presented it to their grandfather. Their grandfather was happy and ate every last bit. You have completed your second mission with a breeze and you can rest for the day. But before resting, you have to clean the dishes. You head to the kitchen only to find John there as well. You say hi to him and smile happily. He goes to you and hugs you. You hug him back and that makes you happy. He tells you that he doesn't want you to follow his grandfather's rule of not dating anymore. He wants to be with you. You were surprsied for a bit and agrees. The next day, you go to your grandfather's office with John and convinces him that he wants to date John. The grandfather is unhappy and tells you that if you date John, you would have to leave Sky House and recieve no salary. You were durprised but accepts it anyway. 





[Start Over](../kicked-out.md)